{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ReadMe.txt\
\
My site is based on a famous video rental store, Scarecrow Video in Seattle, WA.  The project uses the Open Movie Database RESTful API. The application uses Bootstrap css/js framework to display graphic elements. The Knockout js framework is used to help parse the OMDb\'92s json files and dynamically bind the json data to the web page elements.  Knockout is a standalone JavaScript implementation of the Model-View-ViewModel pattern with templates. The web application is designed to search for movies and generate a pleasing result. Also if the user wishes to know more information, a modal window would open displaying the extra information. Lastly, a shopping cart setup is currently being develop to facilitate video rentals and purchases. \
\
I\'92ve used Adobe Photoshop for photo touching purposes. I\'92ve used the canva.com website to design the logo. Also, I\'92ve used Adobe Color CC to examine the logo for the colors the logo was using and I had applied the colors generated from that site in order to give the site a pleasing theme. I\'92ve designed the site to use Parallax scrolling.\
\
\
Bugs\
\
Some problems came up when I attempted to setup the shopping cart.\
The add-to-cart button appears to be \'93improperly\'94 binded to the modal window. I believe that this is due to an improper setup of ko.observables that help to setup the data  binding. }